Add user survey note to README (#348)
GIScience/oshdb: README.md

OSHDB - OpenStreetMap History Data Analysis
===========================================

> > :information_source: USER SURVEY :information_source:<br>
> > The organisation behind ohsome and oshdb (<a href="https://heigit.org">HeiGIT</a>) will be having an organisational review. To ensure that we can continue to provide developing software and providing services in the future, we would like to invite you to take part in a <a href="https://survey.heigit.org/653841?lang=en" target="_blank">user survey</a>. Thanks for your participation!</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: 2021 User Survey :information_source:<br>
> The organisation behind ohsome and the OSHDB (<a href="https://heigit.org">HeiGIT</a>) will be having an organisational review. To ensure that we can continue to provide developing software and providing services in the future, we would like to invite you to take part in a <a href="https://survey.heigit.org/653841" target="_blank">user survey</a>. Thanks for your participation!
```
```
